c:\users\andremaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tutorial.Cubo\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.dll.config
c:\users\andremaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tutorial.Cubo\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.XML
c:\users\andremaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tutorial.Cubo\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.dll
c:\users\andremaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tutorial.Cubo\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.pdb
c:\users\andremaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tutorial.Cubo\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\andremaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tutorial.Cubo\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\andremaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tutorial.Cubo\Domain\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
c:\users\andremaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tutorial.Cubo\Domain\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\andremaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tutorial.Cubo\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\andremaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tutorial.Cubo\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\andremaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tutorial.Cubo\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\andremaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tutorial.Cubo\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.dll
c:\users\andremaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tutorial.Cubo\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.pdb
c:\users\andremaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tutorial.Cubo\Domain\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\andremaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tutorial.Cubo\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\andremaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tutorial.Cubo\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\andremaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tutorial.Cubo\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\andremaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tutorial.Cubo\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\andremaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tutorial.Cubo\Domain\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\andremaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tutorial.Cubo\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\andremaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tutorial.Cubo\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\andremaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tutorial.Cubo\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
